# automated_scanners
These are related to web application security. <br>
All these python codes were made to perform automated scanning on web applications. (works better for static applications)<br>
<br>**Note:** Most of the scanners use Selenium. So, it is adviced to install the respective web drivers so that the scanners will execute properly.<br>
<br>**A brief about the scanners here:**<br>
**1. Authenticated Pages Scan -** This code scans for authenticated pages of the web application that are available with out any authentication requirement. The code will take the application URL and test against a list of fuzzing directories and path traversals and checks if the application has any authenticated pages. It will only check against a certain list of directories and path traversal payloads. Hence it cannot detect all the possible pages)<br>
<br>**2. Default Error Pages Scan -** Scans the application to find if there are any default error pages being used by the application, that can disclose server related information. The code will take the application URL and test against specific directories. Basing on the response length characters, it will give output if the application is using default error pages or custom error pages. try: response = request.get(url, headers = headers) ->sends a GET request to the constructed URL using the 'requests.get()' method. The 'headers' parameters include the custom User-Agent header. When the code sends a GET request, it examins the response content. If the response content contains any of the keywords that are mentioned in the 'default_error_keywords' list, it will give output as default error pages.<br>
<br>**3. JS scan -** It tests the js files of an application for sensitive information disclosure and outdated/vulnerable versions (jQuery, bootstrap version detection). It is detecting the token id's, passwords, api keys, hardcoded credentials, email ids, session ids, phone numbers. It will check only for the specific keywords that are specified in the code. So it will miss the information if it is not specified as mentioned in the code. The scan is not working if the version is specified in the file name itself. This is due to the code pattern for checking the version is different. The latest versions and the outdated versions are not being taken from the internet. The results solely depends on the list of versions that are mentioned in the code.<br>
<br>**4. Missing Security Headers Scan -** The code will take the application URL and test if the application has all the security headers implemented or not. It will only check against the headers that were specified in the list (inside the code). The output contains the headers that the application implemented, missing headers and also the impact of the missing headers.<br>
<br>**5. View Source Code Scan -** The program will only detect the specified keywords under sensitive information and will only return them if they are present in the source code. It is detecting the token id's, passwords, api keys, hardcoded credentials, email ids, session ids, phone numbers.<br>
<br>**6. XSS Payload Scan -** All the payloads might not get executed in that particular field. Among the payloads that were returned, need to check manually to see if the payload works on the application. The output gives false positive payloads as well. In the input, the application URL should be specific where the payload that goes in the application should be included. While giving the exploit parameter - If its the search field, look up what it is being taken as the parameter in that field and give that as the exploit parameter.<br>
<br>**7. Concurrent Sessions -** This tests if the application is allowing concurrent sessions<br>
<br>**8. Session Fixation -** Tests if the application is vulnerable to session Fixation<br>
<br>**9. Session Hijacking -** Tests if the application is vulnerable to session Hijacking<br>
<br>**10. Session Replay -** Tests if the application is vulnerable to session Replay (Still under development)<br>
<br>**11. Tab Nabbing -** Tests if the application contains "target=_blank" attribute in the application's code.<br>
<br> In Tab Nabbing folder you can see the python code for **Browser Cache Weakness**
